---
layout: post
title: 'New Year - New Name'
date: '2020-01-04 13:25:00 +0930'
categories: announcements
---

Darwin Web Standards started back in April 2011 with monthly catchups at the pub. I was a bit of a latecomer and was fortunate enough to get involved in 2016. Even in that time I have seen the group grow, shrink and grow again through a number of iterations. Looking back at the numbers, DWS collected 154 members on meetup and held 53 events during it's life, enough to keep us pretty busy. 2019 saw some significant changes as we joined forces with the Darwin Hackerspace and had presentations in a range of topics beyond the original web focus. So to bring in the new decade we have redefined ourselves as the Darwin Maker Community and will continue to have the familar talks on web design, development and infrastructure but we will also welcome maker/hacker style talks on topics like 3D printing, electronics, microcontrollers, drones, etc... If you're making something cool, we'd love to hear about it.

With the new name we've also moved to a new online home. We will continue to share out meetings in meetup for the next few months but will be focused on this blog. This will hopefully provide us with a repository to store the fantastic talks that we have so that members can go back over topics we have covered in the past.  Because we are all about getting hands on and making stuff, anyone is welcome to contribue to the blog. Everything is built in Jekyll on Github Pages and we welcome pull requests for any corrections or contributions. We'll be happy to provide any help or advice on the Slack channel.

We will keep the existing Darwin Web Standards slack channel and will close the Darwin Hackerspace channel to bring everyone together. If you're not already on there come join us at [https://slack.darwinwebstandards.org/](https://slack.darwinwebstandards.org/)

